# Python_Projects

This folder contains all of the python projects I have completed, and/or are in the process of working on. All of the projects listed are completed except for the Impossible_TTT file.

The 1 player TTT file involves a tic-tac-toe game board which is created using a dictionary and key values 0 - 9. The user will be asked to place an X or an O, and then after a slight delay, the computer will take a turn. The computer turn is accomplished by picking a random number and ensuring that number was not already chosen. 

The 2 player TTT file is the same as the 1 player TTT file, except there is no computer turn, and it is just another user input. 

The impossible TTT file is still a work in progress, but the goal is to make it so that no matter what choices the user makes, the computer will always win or tie. The issue I am facing with this file right now is that for some reason the computer will override spaces that the user had already chosen. Hopefully it is going to be a simple fix and I can get it working properly soon. 

The current weather file connects to the OpenWeatherAPI in order to determine the current weather for a city. I felt it was unreasonable to know the longitude/latitude or zip code of a city off the top of your head, so I also implemented a way to obtain the longitude/latitude values from the name of the city and state (if applicable), along with the country code. This was done by connecting to the Direct Geocoding API. From the resulting information obtained from the API, the current temperature, feels like temperature, minimum temperature, maximum temperature, humidity, and sky description will be printed to the screen. 

The pathfinding_game.py file is a python project using pygame. When running the game, you must enter a command line argument specifying the number of boxes per row. For example, if I wanted a 9 x 9 grid, I would run the file as: python3 pathfinding_game.py 9. THe controls for the game are: first left click is the starting point, second left click is the ending point, and right click is a wall. You may only select one start point and one end point. You cannot override a start point/end point as a wall, or a wall as a start point/end point. One you have the grid set up, press enter to start the pathfinding algorithm and an organge path will be displayed showing the shortest path from start to finish. 
THe intended algorithm behind this game is an A* algorithm, however there are definitely still some bugs present. Without any obstacles, this will work, and it will still work with some obstacles being placed. The major issue with the program is that a certain combination of walls can make the path somehow override a wall, even though I believe I have enough checks in place to prevent this, or there will not be a solution given even though there is one. Additionally, the first version I made of this game used a constant number of blocks per length and width, alogn with a constant block size. I felt as though it would be fun for the user to be able to determine the number of blocks in the length and width of the game, so I tried to make it adjustible using command line arguments. The issue about this is that the window size is still constant, so there is a chance that the user could enter a number of blocks for the length and width which results in partial blocks being printed onto the screen. If this was jsut a visual bug I wouldn't put that much priority on it compared to the other bugs, but the pathfinding algorithm will view these blocks as spots without a wall, so it will use them to get to the end point. Since only asmall portion of these blocks may be printed on the board, it is unreasonable to expect the user to right click each noe of them to make them into a wall. 
